update the IBM.com Library card (#449)
carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library-website: src/pages/resources/index.mdx

## Design resources

### IBM.com Library
<Row className="resource-card-group">
  <Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
<ResourceCard

>   subTitle="Request access to the IBM.com Library (components)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  subTitle="Request access to the IBM.com Library design kit"
```

@JennySanchez I removed "(components)" and added "design kit" because it will eventually have multiple themes in there and the shell template.

Author: We are good.
